Action connectors can be imported/exported with rules (#3021)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-manage.asciidoc

If you try to export with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, only the custom rules are exported.
====

> The `.ndjson` file also includes any actions, action and exception lists related to the exported rules. However, other configuration items require additional handling when exporting and importing rules:

Author: ```suggestion
The `.ndjson` file also includes any actions, connectors, and exception lists related to the exported rules. However, other configuration items require additional handling when exporting and importing rules:
```

- *Data views*: For rules that use a {kib} data view as a data source, the exported file contains the associated `data_view_id`, but does _not_ include any other data view configuration. To export/import between {kib} spaces, first use the {kibana-ref}/managing-saved-objects.html#managing-saved-objects-share-to-space[Saved Objects] UI (*Stack Management* -> *Kibana* -> *Saved Objects*) to share the data view with the destination space.
+
To import into a different {stack} deployment, the destination cluster must include a data view with a matching data view ID (configured in the {kibana-ref}/data-views.html[data view's advanced settings]). Alternatively, after importing, you can manually reconfigure the rule to use an appropriate data view in the destination system.

> - *Actions and connectors*: Rule actions and the connectors used by the actions are included in the exported file, but sensitive information about the connector (such as authentication credentials) is _not_ included. After importing detection rules, you must re-add missing connector details.

Author: ```suggestion
- *Actions and connectors*: Rule actions and the connectors used by the actions are included in the exported file. Sensitive information about the connector (such as authentication credentials) is _not_ included. After importing detection rules, you must re-add missing connector details.
```

.. Select *Bulk actions* -> *Export*, then save the exported file.
. To import rules:
+

> NOTE: To import rules with actions, you need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. To import rules with actions and overwrite an existing connector, you need `All` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. If you're importing rules without actions, `Action and Connectors` feature privileges are not required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To import rules with actions, you need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. To import rules with actions and overwrite an existing connector, you need `All` privileges for the `Actions and Connectors` feature. If you're importing rules without actions, `Actions and Connectors` feature privileges are not required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.
```
My suggestions from above would also apply here if you decide to go with them.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: To import rules with actions, you need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. To overwrite or add new connectors, you need `All` privileges for the `Actions and Connectors` feature. To import rules without actions,  you don't need `Actions and Connectors` privileges. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.
```

> NOTE: To import rules with actions, you need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. To import rules with actions and overwrite an existing connector, you need at least `All` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. If you're importing rules without actions, `Action and Connectors` feature privileges are not required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: To import rules with actions, you need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. To import rules with actions and overwrite an existing connector, you need `All` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature. If you're importing rules without actions, `Action and Connectors` feature privileges are not required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.
```
